New abilities first commit (#36)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/psychic-beacon.adoc

= Psychic Beacon

`Detachment ability`
footnote:[{e40k-diff}
The {e40k} version of this ability is exceptionally cheap and powerful -- for only a small cost, it allows all Mycetic Swarm detachments in the army to arrive in turn 1, automatically.
We've revised the ability so that it scales with the number of detachments that have the ability, and so that it improves rather than bypasses the odds on the Reserve Detachment Arrival table.

> ]

Reviewer: [I posted this comment before, but that thread became outdated and hidden during the process of merging content from the 'footnote' branch to master and then to this branch, while I also replaced the E40k difference notes with footnotes in this branch. Hence the re-post.]

This new version of the ability seems much better but: Aside from the 'non-scaling' and 'automatic' problems, the original was also exceptional in that it allowed Mycetic Swarms to arrive on the very first turn — whilst players can't start to roll for Reserves until the second turn.

Did you intend that this ability should no longer make it possible at all for Mycetic Swarms to arrive on the very first turn? (If yes, then great, that's obviously the simplest and most consistent — but it is another big difference so I thought I'd check.)

Author: Yes, that's the intention. Instead of using a completely unique mechanic, it's just a re-roll using the standard Reserves mechanics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
footnote:[{e40k-diff}
The {e40k} version of this ability is exceptionally cheap and powerful -- for only a small cost, it allows all Mycetic Swarm detachments in the army to arrive in turn 1, automatically.
We've revised the ability so that it scales with the number of detachments that have the ability, and so that it improves rather than bypasses the odds on the Reserve Detachment Arrival table.
This also means that the earliest a Mycetic Swarm detachment can arrive from Reserves is turn 2, just like other Reserves.
]
```

= Psychic Beacon

`Detachment ability`

> footnote:[{e40k-diff}
> The {e40k} version of this ability is exceptionally cheap and powerful -- for only a small cost, it allows all Mycetic Swarm detachments in the army to arrive in turn 1, automatically.
> We've revised the ability so that it scales with the number of detachments that have the ability, and so that it improves rather than bypasses the odds on the Reserve Detachment Arrival table.
> This also means that the earliest a Mycetic Swarm detachment can arrive from Reserves is turn 2, just like other Reserves.
> ]

Reviewer: To close the loop on our thread https://github.com/GameBrains/er-core/pull/36/files#r1032948054, how about something like this:
 
```suggestion
footnote:[{e40k-diff}
The {e40k} version of this ability is exceptionally cheap and powerful -- for only a small cost, it allows all Mycetic Swarm detachments in the army to arrive in turn 1, automatically.
We've revised the ability so that it (a) scales with the number of detachments that have the ability, (b) grants you a re-roll rather than a bypass of the Reserve Detachment Arrival table, and (c) you can use the re-roll for any Tyranid detachment in Reserves, not just Mycetic Swarms.
Note that this also means that the earliest a Mycetic Swarm detachment can arrive from Reserves is turn 2, just like other Reserves.
]
```

When you field an army that includes detachments that have the {psychic-beacon} ability:

> * For each undestroyed detachment with the {psychic-beacon} ability, you may re-roll one failed Reserves roll per turn.

Reviewer: These seems too open, if I correctly understand the migration from the original rule to Remastered: Am I right to think that we should state something to the effect that this re-roll only applies to Mycetic Swarm detachments in reserve, so as not leave it open to _any_ Tyranid detachment in reserve...?

Author: Yes, the intention is that it is a re-roll for any detachment.

Reviewer: Okay, you've deliberately opened it up as part of the new form this ability takes. Gotcha.

I'll draft an {e40k-diff} footnote to highlight this difference too.

Reviewer: I'll resolve this conversation — the action to implement this continues in new conversation with suggestion at https://github.com/GameBrains/er-core/pull/36/files#r1111104113.

[NOTE.e40k]
====

> The _Epic 40,000_ version of this ability was exceptionally cheap and powerful, enabling all Mycetic Swarm detachments in the army to automatically arrive in turn 1. This revised version scales with the number of detachments with the ability.

Reviewer: A bit of the usual editing, but also see my query after the suggestion:

```suggestion
The _Epic 40,000_ version of this ability is exceptionally cheap and powerful — for only a small cost, it allows all Mycetic Swarm detachments in the army to arrive in turn 1, automatically.
We've revised the ability so that it scales with the number of detachments that have the ability, and so that it improves rather than bypasses the odds on the Reserve Detachment Arrival table.
```

This new version of the ability seems much better but: Aside from the 'non-scaling' and 'automatic' problems, the original was also exceptional in that it allowed Mycetic Swarms to arrive on the very **first** turn — whilst players can't start to roll for Reserves until the **second** turn. Did you intend that this ability should no longer make it possible **at all** for Mycetic Swarms to arrive on the very first turn? (If yes, then great, that's obviously the simplest and most consistent — but it is another big difference so I thought I'd check.)
